Exclude helm hooks from operator (#223)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/workflows.md

	
- `make-module-resources.sh` - uses Helm to render Kubernetes resources templates. As a base it takes a the chart from the `module-chart/chart` and also takes values to [override](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/blob/main/module-chart/overrides.yaml). After Helm finishes templating with the applied overrides, the generated resources are put into `module-resources/apply`. The resources that were used in the previous version but are not used in the new version are placed under `module-resource/delete`.
During the process of iterating over the `sap-btp-service-operator` resources, the script also keeps track of the GVKs to generate RBAC rules in [`btpoperator\_controller.go`](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/blob/5a8420347c6a526f158fde7c41c3842eb54e2fda/controllers/btpoperator_controller.go#L135-L146) which feeds into RBAC `ClusterRole` in [`role.yaml`](https://github.com/kyma-project/btp-manager/blob/5a8420347c6a526f158fde7c41c3842eb54e2fda/config/rbac/role.yaml#L1) resource

> kept in sync with `make manifests` just like any standard [kubebuilder operator](https://book-v2.book.kubebuilder.io/reference/markers/rbac.html). The script excludes all resources with a Helm hook "pre-delete" which is not necessary in resources to apply. Additionally all excluded resources are added to `module-resources/excluded` folder to see, what was excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kept in sync with `make manifests` just like any standard [kubebuilder operator](https://book-v2.book.kubebuilder.io/reference/markers/rbac.html). The script excludes all resources with a Helm hook "pre-delete". It is not necessary to apply the Helm hook in resources. Additionally, all excluded resources are added to the `module-resources/excluded` folder, where you can see what was excluded.
```
